Add a note to the changelog style guide about known syntax issues (#641)
broadinstitute/warp: changelog_style.md

* Updated the documentation with additional information for the README and additional files for Loom schema and BAM tags
* Updated the Zarr output

> ## Syntax issues
> 
>  Not all valid mark down can be parsed and displayed in the release notes on GitHub. The follwing are known syntax issues:
>  
>  * code snippets, specified with the \` character are not supported (even when escaped)
>  * double quotes need to be escaped \\"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax issues

 Not all valid markdown can be parsed and displayed in the release notes on GitHub. The following are known syntax issues:
 
 * code snippets, specified with the \` character are not supported (even when escaped)
 * double quotes need to be escaped: \\"
```
I might move this above **Sample Changelog Entries** just so it doesn't get lost.
